# portfolio_manager / Robo-UOC-Advisor
This is the code of an app created for a university degree

## Author: 
Alberto Garulo Rodríguez (agarulor@uoc.edu)

## Project description
The project is a prototype of a robo-advisor.

The app has been developed in python and Streamlit includes, among others, the following: 
-  **potfolio.py** --> This file is, as the name suggests, the main program, and it is the one that needs to executed in order to use the app. You can run this file by typing (if you have python installed in your computer) **streamlit run portfolio.py**.  
-  **src** --> Folder including all the required tools and code to run the app 
-  **requirements.txt** --> Finally, all the libraries required for the web scraper to work are included in this file. Ideally this is the first file to be run (try with python -m pip install -r requirements.txt)  
-  **streamlit** --> folder with some basic settings for streamlit
There is a folder, data, with a .csv file including the initial assets, based on IBEX-35 and EURO STOXX (**data/input/ibex_eurostoxx.csv**). 

License for the APP is Creative Commons Zero v1.0 Universal and the present README file

# Disclaimer
Disclaimer

This robo-advisor has been developed exclusively for academic and research
purposes as part of a university final degree project (TFG).

The information, analysis, and outputs generated by this system do not
constitute financial, investment, legal, or tax advice, nor should they be
interpreted as such. The robo-advisor is provided for educational and
experimental purposes only.

Any investment decisions made based on the information produced by this
system are the sole responsibility of the user. The author assumes no
liability for any financial losses, damages, or decisions arising from the
use or misuse of this software.

Past performance, simulations, or hypothetical results are not indicative
of future performance. Financial markets involve risk, and investment
outcomes are inherently uncertain.

By using this software, the user acknowledges and agrees to these terms.

## License  
Creative Commons Zero v1.0 Universal

## Postface  
I hope you like this work! Feel free to use it as much as you want!

Regards

Alberto Garulo